Elasticsearch/database search fallback behaviour (#5957) (#5962)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/database-configuration-settings.rst

|   results.                                                    |                                                                              |
| - **false**: **(Default)** Database search isn't disabled.    |                                                                              |
+---------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Search behaviour in Mattermost changes based on which search engines are enabled.                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Search behavior in Mattermost depends on on which search engines are enabled.                                                            |
```

Reviewer: Mattermost product documentation uses US English spelling.

Reviewer: Please confirm that this text change doesn't impact the table formatting.
